Intro: [sampled announcer]

In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures
But in this country, society itself is failing.

Verse one:

Today, how you like me now, I'm in the mix?
It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota
Got the baking soda, let the water boil, workers all loyal
Dropped out the twelveth
'Cause my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees
Now I slang keys
Infest my hood with crack, 'cause I'm the mack
Take a nation of millions to hold me back
Too big for my britches, and I got bitches
Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches
Used to get 18 when my g was alive, now a key is 13 5
'89s the number, another summer
Police ain't get no dumber
Streets dried up, used to think it would last
But being a king-pin is a thing of the past
They tried to blast me for selling a boulder
Now I got my ass in minnesota
Got my own crew, it's on brand new

Damn what can I do?

Today...

What the fuck can I do?

Verse two:

Already done stack me half a mill ticket
Bought a house next to prince, so now I can kick it
Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my benz
Goin' to see the twins, play at the dome
My at&t cell phone
I'm almost home
Gettin' excited, indited, spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it
Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest
And everything I own got repossessed
Now take a look at the dust
And I'm happy 'cause I only got 36 months
Never picked up a book
But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look
Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew
And see, what can I do?

Today...

Verse three:

Fucked-up in the pen, now it's 94
Back in L.A., and I'm bailin' in the dough
Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch
So where to work at, and niggas smirk at
Me say ain't nuttin' poppin' from here to the L.D.
What you tell me?
No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe
'Cause, they sent in the troops
Even tho I got muscle, that ain't my hustle
Takin' niggas shit in a tussle
No skills to pay the bills
Takin' 'bout education to battle inflashion
No college degree, just a dumb ass g
Yeah you nigga
Who me?
I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess
Have you ever been convicted of a felony? yes
Took some advice from my uncle fester
All dressed up in polyester
Welcome to McDonalds may I please help you?
Shit, what can I do?

Today...

The white man has broke every law known to man to establish amerikkka.
But he'll put you in the state penitentary, he'll put you in the federal
Penitentary for breaking these same laws. now we gonna look and see if
This muthafucker is guilty for the laws he'll put you in jail for:

Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand
Larceny, rape, racketering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion,
Aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing,
Embezzelment, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing
A firearm, carrying a conceled weapon, breaking and entering, and
Premeditated cold-blooded murder.

Guilty on every charge.